<h1>Ann's Simple Restaurant Menu</h1>
<h2>Features:</h2>
<p>Creates a series of responsive menu sections as custom posts that can be mixed and matched together on a page using the menu template included in the plugin to create as many types of menu pages as you need - for example "dinner", "breakfast", "takeout", "drinks", but it's especially useful for pizzerias and catering services, since you can add a variety of sizes or amounts to each menu item. </p>
<h2>Why I Developed it:</h2>
<p>The plugin was designed to solve a problem a client with a pizzeria had - she didn't need a fancy menu plugin since she didn't want customers to order online, she just wanted a display menu online that would be easy to update, and we couldn't find or modify the few plugins with those features to have easy-to-read variable menu items, like sizes or amounts, and a space for pictures as well. Most of her customers would be looking at it on their phone, so it had to be clear, and she also wanted the plugin to inherit her sites' fonts. </p>
<h2>How to use this plugin:</h2>
<p>Make sure that the site has the plugin "advanced custom fields" already installed.
If you're working on localhost, create a folder right in the wordpress site's plugins folder called "afn-simple-restaurant-menu", then hit the green "code" button and copy or pull the files into that folder, and activate it on your site.</p>
<p>If you want to upload it to a staging or live site, create the "afn-simple-restaurant-menu" folder on your computer, load the files from here into it, then zip it and add it to your wordpress site as you would any other plugin.</p>
<p>Once the plugin is installed and activated, find "menu sections" on the admin menu, and add the section title and description in the usual place, and then add menu items using the table below. Items can be moved around, edited or deleted as you wish.
When you have your sections ready, go to pages and start a new page - on the right, under page templates, choose the Menu template from the dropdown. You can then choose the menu sections you want on the page, and move them around to the order you'd like. The title won't show, except in the url, and the content will appear at the bottom, so it's a very good place for info about food allergies, tipping, etc.</p>